Score:  95/100 Nice job

Comments: 
   This is a very interesting project with a very specific aim to implement and test for both accuracy and speedup,
      a parallel implementation of an already trained GNN and compare the results to it's serial version.

      The problem is well posed (although most of the work seems to have already been done on the serial case)
      The results are well presented and it's clear that the parallel implementation reproduces exactly the serial version.
      But because of the relatively small meshes explored here the improvement in parallel performance (in strong scaling) was relatively
      minimal. Still I believe the exercise was well worth doing and can clearly be expanded.

      Overall the writing and code were clear, but I have a few suggestions to make the results a bit more accessible and interpretable.

        1).  It would be good to actually visualize the finite element mesh as well as the true solution fields and the GNN proxies
             There is one visualization of the mesh and its partitions here  but it's not clear about the actual ordering or connectivity 
             (Figure 1 looks like a set of lines, each cut into 8 partitions.  I was expecting a Q1 mesh.  Given this visualization  I don't know what the actual memory layout looks like
             in serial and parallel).  Paraview could actually be useful here for mesh and solution visualization.
        2) It's a little less clear how the halos propagate through the NN. Again a simple visualization or some additional analysis might be useful
        3) In a lot of problems, it seems that training is actually the expensive part of the computation.  What are your thoughts
           on parallelizing the training part (and do you expect a different outcome than from the serial version)
        4) have you done any scale analysis to argue how the communication and computation time should scale with N and P?
        5) Somewhere it would actually be interesting to compare the full FEM solution with the GNN solution (I think you do this 
        in the larger repo, but it would have been useful to see here.  The visualization could also be a little clear.)
   
